README.md, before:

<div align="center">

[![header](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?fontColor=FFB703&type=rect&color=023047&height=200&section=header&text=Hello,%20I'm%20David!%20🧑🏽‍💻&fontSize=50&animation=fadeIn)](https://github.com/fernandonevarez?tab=repositories)

</div>

<div align="center" >
<div  style="display: inline-flex; align-items: center;">

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=fernandonevarez&count_private=true&layout=compact&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=prussian&border_radius=15&width=325&line_height=20" />
</a>

<hl/>

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/convoychat">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=fernandonevarez&layout=compact&theme=prussian&&langs_count=6&hide_border=true&border_radius=15&" />
</a>

</div>
</div>

<!-- icons -->
<!-- got icon images from https://github.com/devicons/devicon -->



<hr/>

- 🔭 I’m currently working at [the city of chandler](https://www.chandleraz.gov/) as a Website development intern.
- 🌱 I’m currently teaching Full-stack Devlopment to students at ASU apart of [CodeDevils](https://asu.campuslabs.com/engage/organization/codedevils).
- 💬 Ask me about my future goals with my [LMS project](https://github.com/fernandonevarez/lms).

Commit message:

Add role at Glendale Community College to README
Updated current work experience to include role at Glendale Community College.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

[![header](https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?fontColor=FFB703&type=rect&color=023047&height=200&section=header&text=Hello,%20I'm%20David!%20🧑🏽‍💻&fontSize=50&animation=fadeIn)](https://github.com/fernandonevarez?tab=repositories)

</div>

<div align="center" >
<div  style="display: inline-flex; align-items: center;">

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=fernandonevarez&count_private=true&layout=compact&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&theme=prussian&border_radius=15&width=325&line_height=20" />
</a>

<hl/>

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/convoychat">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=fernandonevarez&layout=compact&theme=prussian&&langs_count=6&hide_border=true&border_radius=15&" />
</a>

</div>
</div>

<!-- icons -->
<!-- got icon images from https://github.com/devicons/devicon -->



<hr/>

- 🔭 I’m currently working at [the city of chandler](https://www.chandleraz.gov/) as a Website development intern and [Glendale Community College](https://www.gccaz.edu/) as a Website Accessibility Project Assistant.
- 🌱 I’m currently teaching Full-stack Devlopment to students at ASU apart of [CodeDevils](https://asu.campuslabs.com/engage/organization/codedevils).
- 💬 Ask me about my future goals with my [LMS project](https://github.com/fernandonevarez/lms).
